Maplike and Setlike objects in Map and Set (#27160)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/highlightregistry/index.md

{{APIRef("CSS Custom Highlight API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`HighlightRegistry`** interface of the [CSS Custom Highlight API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS_Custom_Highlight_API) is used to register {{domxref("Highlight")}} objects to be styled using the API.
It is accessed via {{domxref("CSS.highlights")}}.

> `HighlightRegistry` is a [`Map`-like (or "maplike")](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Maplike_object) object, in which each key is the name string for a custom highlight, and the corresponding value is the associated {{domxref("Highlight")}} object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `HighlightRegistry` instance is a [`Map`-like object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map#map-like_objects), in which each key is the name string for a custom highlight, and the corresponding value is the associated {{domxref("Highlight")}} object.
```
